no one's allowed to talk is that it can
tough know you could timid ate them good
god you're a woman is it better to be
feared or respected I say is it too much
to ask for both I humbly present the
Jericho
[Applause]
Tony Stark now you work for me
are you building stock
[Music]
your eyes are red for tears for your
long-lost boss tears of joy
I hate job hunting yeah vacations over
welcome home put up scanner with I want
to protect the people I put in harm's
way
then with a doesn't fees and rule all
the fish yeah
let's see if this duck
so yup great is completely tell you what
for a little hot rod read in there
[Music]
what's going on here let's face it this
is not the worst thing you've got me
doing
there's been speculation that I'm
trading around some superhero I'm just
not the hero type clearly
[Music]
I've got a problem there are aspects of
my personality that I can't control
see your shrink it's a little bit more
complicated than that
Bruce trust me when I tell you I've
heard them all not this one
we've never seen anything even close to
your level of exposure that you survive
an event like that it's beyond my
comprehension I don't want to control it
I want to get rid of it cause I'm
concerned that man's whole body is
property the US Army they want it as a
weapon if we let it go we will never get
it back
there's only one thing that can fight
that it's in me maybe if I can control
it I can use it
[Music]
you
did we pick up now where we left off mr.
stark please yes sir
can I have your attention absolutely our
priority here is to have you turn over
the Iron Man weapon to the American
people well you can forget it we're safe
America is secure you want my property
you can't have it but I did you a big
favor I have successfully privatized
world peace
[Applause]
[Music]
okay give me a smooch the good luck I
might not make it back
[Music]
[Applause]
go get him Bob
you can we be
[Music]
[Applause]
because from our family of thieves and
butchers and our like world guilty map
which tried to rewrite your history
you forget will the lights the stock
family has a story
they will be blood in the water and the
shocks will come
[Music]
you
it's not easy to do what you did you
made my man look like a bunch of
minimum-wage mall cops
that's hurtful if you'd like to tell me
where you received your training
Afghanistan
who are you
[Music]
I have sacrificed much to achieve peace
your arrogance and stupidity you have
opened these peaceful realms and
innocent lives to the horror
and devastation you are a vain greedy
cruel boy
and now take for you fella
please open your eyes no this is where
it comes up
your ancestors called it magic and you
call it science I come from a place
where they're one and the same
disobey the scheme
his fate was in his own hands now
I will end this
Rogers Stephen
just give me a chance sorry son save me
a life
[Music]
has said that wars are fought with
weapons but they are won by man
still know when to give up do you I
could do this all day with you look I
know you don't think I can do this this
is in the back alley Steve it's war one
man five tries in five different cities
I can offer you a chance he will be the
first in a new breed of super-soldier
because the weakness of Betty
Mustangs was of value that wasn't so bad
that was penicillin
because we have the best
now let's just stop
[Music]
[Applause]
your tears won't be separate
your enemy is not what do you expect
are you chose
what do you think I think it works you
were made to be ruled
in the end
[Music]
it will be every man for himself
what do we do
we get ready there was an idea to bring
together a group of remarkable people so
when we needed them they could fight the
battles we never could
gentlemen what are you prepared and to
do no offense but I don't play well with
others big man or soon armored take that
away what are you genius billionaire
playboy philanthropist
[Music]
if we can't protect the earth
you can be damn sure we'll avenge it
[Music]
stuck a banner your work is unparalleled
and I'm a huge fan of the way you lose
control and turn into an enormous green
rage monster thanks
[Music]
got a lot of apologies to make
nothing's been the same since New York
experience things and then they're over
I can't sleep
[Music]
and when I do I have nightmares
honestly there's a hundred people who
want to kill me I hope I can protect the
one thing I can't live without
[Music]
ladies children
we'll call me a terrorist
I consider myself a teacher
lesson number one heroes there is no
such thing
[Music]
some believe that before the universe
there was nothing
they're wrong
that was Dominus it has survived
[Music]
I give you my word I would return
we're from different worlds
marry their separate for a reason
if you do nothing
in destroyer
our skill cell
what will you sacrifice
for what you believe
[Music]
you must be truly desperate they come to
me for help you should know that when
you betray me I will kill you when do we
start coming up on the drop zone cap you
do anything funny Saturday night well
all the guys in my barbershop quartet
are dead so no not really
you know if you ask Kristen out from
Statistics you'd probably say yes
that's why don't ask too shy or too
scared too busy
is he wearing a parachute no no he
wasn't
[Music]
join shield to protect people captain to
build a better world sometimes means
tearing the whole one down that makes
enemies
are you ready for the world to see you
as you really are
look out the window you know how the
game works
disorder war
all it takes is one step
we will neutralize a lot of threats
before they even happened thought the
punishment usually came after the crime
shield takes the world as it is not as
we'd like it to be this isn't freedom
this is fear
you need to keep both eyes open before
we get started does anyone want to get
out
your work has been a gift to mankind
you've shaped the century
I need you to do it one more time
you up it's time
now yeah
hey cool man no probs no problem at all
who are you
star-lord who star-lord man legendary
out locked
we arrested these five bands and off
check out the rap sheets Drax
aka the destroyer since his wife and
family were killed he's been on a
rampage across the galaxy in a search
for vengeance Gamora soldier assassin
one run over a dozen counts of murder
rocket one on over 50 charges of
vehicular theft and escaped from Locker
what how root it's been traveling
recently as Rockets personal houseplant
slash muscle
Peter Jason quill he's also known as
star-lord he calls him at himself mostly
he's wanted largely on charges of minor
assaults public intoxication and fraud
oh I'm sorry I I didn't know how this
machine worked
hey hey hey
that's mine hey take those headphones on
they call themselves the guardians of
the galaxy and a bunch of a hos
[Music]
I know you mean well you want to protect
the world but you don't want it to
change there's only one path to peace
your extinction I'm gonna show you
something beautiful the whole world
screaming for mercy everyone
tangled in strings string
[Music]
it's the end the end of the path I
started us on nothing lasts forever
[Music]
there are no strings on me
imagine a soldier the size of an insect
the ultimate secret weapon you give that
like powers to everyone it's going to be
chaos so how do we stop him
I know a guy
Scot I've been watching you for a while
you're different and I believe everyone
deserves a shot at redemption do you
absolutely my days of breaking into
places and stealing stuff are over
what do you want me to do I want you to
break into a place and steal some stuff
make sense are you ready to become the
human now this suit has power
you have to learn how to control it
and these are your greatest allies
you're kind of cute
when you're small you have superhuman
strength
you like a bullet
so you need to know how to punch you
make sure we had a bunch show me how to
punch that's how you punch you tried to
hide your suit from me
now it's gonna blow up in your face and
destroy everyone you care about
get out of there
did you think you could stop the future
you're just a thief
I'm ant-man I know wasn't my idea
[Music]
[Applause]
this job try to save as many people as
we can
[Music]
sometimes that doesn't mean everybody
but you don't give up
[Music]
New York Washington DC circle via
okay that's enough captain people are
afraid that's why I'm here
we need me put the check
whatever form that takes I'm game I'm
sorry Tony if I see a situation pointed
South I can't ignore it
sometimes I wish I could sometimes I
want to punch you in your perfect teeth
I know we're not perfect
but the safest hands are still out
[Music]
I was wrong about you the whole world
was wrong about you
[Music]
they're coming for you I'm not the one
that needs to watch their back this
doesn't have to end in a fight Tony
you just started a war
[Music]
stay down final warning I could do this
all day
all right I've run out of patience
underoos everyone
dr. strange you think you know how the
world works what if I told you the
reality you know is one of many
this doesn't make any sense
not everything does not everything has
to
[Music]
for the mystic arts we harness energy
and shape reality
[Music]
we travel great distances in an instant
how I get from here to there how did you
become a doctor studying practice yes
Ben
there's a strength to him but is he
ready
[Music]
be careful which paths you travel
downstream stronger men than you have
busted way
death
and pay
built architect of this world
I can't do this there is no other way
[Music]
I've spent so many years
in full-time
looking for you
[Music]
but what's this my mantra it's the Wi-Fi
password we're not savages
[Music]
the fate of the universe lies on your
shoulders now whatever you do don't push
this but because that will set off the
bomb immediately and we'll all be dead
now repeat back what I just said no
that's the button that will kill
everyone try again
kunkka mm-hmm uh-huh
No Showtime a-holes
[Music]
does anybody have any tape out there I
want to put some tape over that that
funny
nobody has any tape not a single person
has paint you have an atomic bomb in
your bag if anybody's gonna happen to
you that's a really bad sign
you're a touch someone I can feel their
feelings your feel yeah yeah I guess
yeah I feel a general unselfish love for
somebody no sexual no no I don't know
see you stole everyone your deepest
darkest secret dude come on
I think you're overreacting a little you
must be so embarrassed
[Music]
sup guys wait a minute you guys aren't
the real Avengers
I can tell Hulk gives it away
Oh
[Music]
the lisbon new top no you seen that
before
know what that's skirt you should
probably stop staring with Lori it's
creepy though too late you guys are
losers so to become an Avenger are there
like trials or you just don't do
anything I would do and definitely don't
do anything I wouldn't do
there's a little gray area in there and
that's where you operate oh all right
that's not a hug that I'm just grabbing
it off for you all right good good luck
out there
listen I know school stops yeah you
still with us yeah yeah I know you want
to save the world
[Music]
you're not really you're the spider-man
no I'm not I'm not this is just costume
this is for the ceiling stay close to
the boy stay out of trouble
forget the flying monster guy there are
people who handle this sort of thing
treating me like a kid all the time but
you are a kid this is my chance to prove
myself
what is going on with you I'm sorry I'm
so busy I'm slammed
don't mess with me cuz I will kill you
and everybody you blow
so much has happened since I last saw
you
I lost my hammer like yesterday so
that's still pretty fresh
and then I went on a journey of
self-discovery that you
[Music]
Wow you have no idea
hello the goddess of death is invaded
house god oh I miss this
and you and I had a fight person i did i
won
now I want easily doesn't sound right uh
that's true
as god is dead it will be reborn in my
image I thought you'd be glad to see me
need a stopper here now to prevent
Ragnarok the end of everything
so I'm putting together a team
at the old days
surprise this'll be such fun
hi
he's a fighter
here we go
I'm not a cream or a monster
I'm the goddess of death
what were you the god of again
[Music]
we're the same you and I just a couple
of hotheaded fools yes same ilk like
fire door like water kind of both like
fire but whole like raging fire so I
like smoldering fire
I have seen gods fly I've seen men build
weapons that I couldn't even imagine
I've seen aliens drop from the sky yeah
but I have never seen anything like this
how much my ID
[Music]
we are home
my son it is your time
you get to decide what kind of thing you
are going to be don't please
[Music]
goddamn
because we
I waited my entire life for this the
world's gonna start over
never burn it all what happens now
determines what happens to the rest of
the world
[Music]
there was an idea to bring together a
group of remarkable people to see if we
could become something more so when they
needed us we could fight the battles
that they never could
[Music]
in time you will know what it's like to
lose feel so desperately that you're
right that to fail all the same
right it
run from it Dustin's still alive
[Music]
evacuate the city
and gates or defenses
and we get this man a sheet
[Music]
fun isn't something one considers
balancing the universe
but this does put a smile on my face
[Music]
who the hell are you guys so how long
have you been Antonin again no uh I just
sort of happened it's like bad guys like
you
[Music]
and I seem to mess it up almost every
time
[Applause]
maybe you just need someone watch her
back
like a partner
[Music]
back pin I actually heard what happened
to you you opened up the quantum realm
that's when he's crazy could be ghostly
like walks through walls and stuff so
Leo tech now supposed to take over the
world or whatever who would have
believed that in your hour of need you
would turn the house at me bleep Rob do
you do you remember that's us feeling
Chesley Pratt this poker game
and man in the wasp teaming up follow my
lead
[Music]
she seems more intense
you go low I'll go high I have wings why
would I go low
hey what'd I miss we were just tiny
I was partners with Hank on a project
called Goliath how big did you get my
record 21 feet
you've 65 feet 65 if you two are
finished comparing sizes 65
[Music]
Wars and universal language I know
renegades Oh - Marcia never occurred to
me that one might come from above
space invasion
big cartoon
truth be told I was ready to hang it up
to let miss you today so you're not from
around here it's hard to explain
I keep having these memories
Bessie flashes
[Music]
I think I had a life here
but I can't tell if it's real
we have no idea what threats are out
there
we can't do this alone
we need you
I'm not what you think I am
[Music]
huh
hey miss Potts if you find this
recording don't feel bad about this part
of the journey use the end
[Music]
just for the record being adrift in
space with zero promise of rescue is
more fun that sounds food and water ran
out four days ago
officers don't run out to long morning
I've been when I drift off I will dream
about you it's how I see you
[Music]
danos did exactly what he said he was
gonna do
he wiped out 50% of all living creatures
we lost all of us
we lost friends newest family
we lost a part of ourselves
this is the fight of our lives this is
gonna work Steve I know it is cuz I
don't know what I'm gonna do if it
doesn't
hi is anyone home this is Scott Lang we
met a few years ago at the airport in
Germany really is just an old message
that's me can you buzz me in Gussie was
like a thousand years ago I fought my
way out of that cave became Iron Man we
lost I loved you
animus had no more surprises but I was
really hoping to pull off one last one
the world has changed
none of us go by
all we can do is our best and sometimes
the best we can do
to start over
[Music]
I saw all these people die
I keep telling everybody they should
move on
some do amana's
[Music]
even if there's a small chance
we owe this
everyone who's not in this firm to try
we will
[Music]
whatever it takes
heretics
[Music]
I like this one